hey everyone so today is a little hall
and it's like a mishmash of lots of
different things so I'm just going to
get straight into this the first thing I
want to show you is this one hundred
percent African shea butter and I really
like this for my skin and hair and it's
just um the creepy one and it's one
hundred percent raw unrefined shea upper
I to use this as a pre-poo and as a body
moisturizer and I like to make other
moisturize of it so I've got this from
my local afro-caribbean hair shop so you
can get a natural shea butter from there
and it was really cheap i think it was
about um 454 this big top and i got like
only a hundred grams from ebay for about
five pounds last time because i didn't
know where to get from but now i know
where to go the next thing i got was
from pound lamb and it is the skyscraper
collection 2000 mascara and this is the
second collection collection 2000s car
I've ever tried and i love it and i
think i love collection 2000 miss Cora's
because the first one I use was the Maji
limp and it gave my lashes like this
body and it made them so long and this
one makes my eyelashes look so long I
absolutely love it I actually applied it
on top of my mascara um just now so I
don't know if you can see it or not but
it just really makes your eyelashes look
so big and so long and absolutely love
this so I'm going to cut your local
Palin because it's um a deal and it's
called skyscraper and it is in number
one back and that was the only color
they have another thing I got from pan
there was these eyelashes I just like to
get literally cheap eyelashes um I just
got these dumb just because you know you
can get them for cheaper instead of
having to spend five pounds on one pair
of eyelashes you can get to you for a
pound and they just work quite well
they're just uh
I'll probably use them once and not
again and they just stop it really quick
and easy that you can use another thing
that i got from Harlan I saw this and
it's so cute it's a hair band and i'll
show you it looks like it won't go with
this outfit that i have one particularly
but i'm gonna put on so you can see how
it would look so you could tie it in a
bow on the side and it just looks so
here i think it looks like you and they
had it in black and white but i just got
in the white because i didn't want to
spend too much money because i was like
going on a spending rampage so i'm just
getting it off now i really love it it's
so um summary with the florals and i
really love this the next one I got was
from giant flexi rods from the
afro-caribbean hair shop again and
they're so flat I think they're like you
know about three inches I'm not sure I'm
not sure how big these are but they are
really really big and I've been looking
for some big flexi rods for a really
long time and there's some instructions
over here on how you can undo it so I
might do a tutorial on this if you want
me to so you can just art and it's 299
it's really cheap another thing that I
got were these pencils because I do like
drawing and I got them from the works
and they're really good quality and they
were only 199 so if you like to draw
that's a good place you can get pixels
from been wearing this for about the
past term three weeks and it is the
accessorize perfume and oh my gosh it
smells amazing it just smells so lovely
the packaging is so cute um the box is
in my room so not really she with the
box looks like but it smells so lovely
you
very sweet floral II smell so if you're
a person who likes sweet floral smells
this is for you it's very strong and I
really love this I can't remember how
much this costs because I didn't pay for
it my mom did so it's really a present
oh okay yeah that's another thing that I
got were these beautiful beautiful
earrings and nails I'm a teal blue and I
got them from the Dominican Republic
when I was on holiday and it's made from
their national stone so they have a a
certain stone that can only be found in
Dominica Republic and that's what these
earrings were made from they were 10
pounds and then then it might sound like
a lot but is like a special stone that
is made from so that's what they look
and I got this lvu lore'l and damaging
ok damage what's it called damage care
appearing conditioner just to try out
with like I'm so for I like like it um
it's okay um I'll just use it up but i
don't think i buy it again it's just
there okay the smell is really lovely
but this in a special offer in savers
for one pound and that's the reason why
i picked it up because normally i don't
pick up lv products but um i decided to
pick it up because it was a pound there
yeah if you're if you're in safe is
check out the lv products they offer
they put these star starts from ebay so
that i can do like a more DIYs on my
clothes and start them cuz i'm obsessed
with studs I love studs so I'm always
buying studs from ebay and I got these
from China and they were about two
pounds for overall for about a hundred
different star starts so I'm gonna fun
I'm blinging out my clothes of these
studs
and lastly is this hair removal cream
and I really like this one it's better
than than their 1 i've used lots of
different hair removal cleaners but this
one and does it smell you know it does
its thing and it's easy to put on easy
to remove so i really like this harami
hair removal cream from Beauty formulas
and it leaves your skin smooth I hope
you enjoyed this little hall and by
everyone leave your comments down below
and also don't forget to add me on
Instagram and my Instagram with chantal
fashion so if you've got Instagram add
me on instagram and one as we follow me
so